---
title: Resume -- Ruby, Rails, jQuery
layout: archive
id: resume
---

<div class="post-list">
  <div id="cv">
    <div id="skills" class="entry">
      <div class='post-header'>
h3. Skills at a Glance
      </div>
      <div class='excerpt'>

|*Ruby:*| Rubygems, Rails, Sinatra, Cucumber, RSpec, Watir, WatirCraft|
|*Web:*| JavaScript, jQuery, HTML & CSS, HAML|
|*Tools:*| Git, SVN, Vim|
|*Other:*| Java, JESS (functional expert systems), C|
|*Graphics:*| Photoshop, GIMP, Inkscape|

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="professional" class="entry">
      <div class='post-header'>
h3. Professional Experience
      </div>
      <div class='excerpt'>
table{width: 100%}.
|_<. Ruby Developer|_. Janova, New Albany OH|>. November 2009 -- current|
New development and maintenance of a complex Ruby on Rails product. Features include:
* Rich, Ajax-heavy jQuery-based user interface (supports Firefox, Safari, Chrome, IE 7-9)
* User and Account authentication using Clearance
* Background jobs (Delayed::Job), message queues (RabbitMQ)
* Interfacing with Amazon EC2 workers
* Deployment (Git- and Gem-based) across multiple environments

*Technologies Used*: Rails, Git, RabbitMQ, jQuery, JSON, PostgreSQL
<hr />

table{width: 100%}.
|_<. QA Analyst|_. Gap Inc Direct, Groveport OH|>. June 2008 -- October 2009|
Build and maintain Cucumber, RSpec and Watir based test suite.
* Develop Object-Oriented Ruby API for the system under test
* Build re-usable modules and step definitions across 3 different projects

*Technologies Used*: SVN, Oracle 10i, XML
      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="education" class="entry">

      <div class='post-header'>
h3. Education
      </div>
      <div class='excerpt'>

table{width: 100%}.
|_<. MS, Industrial and Systems Eng|_. Ohio University, Athens OH|>. September 2002 -- June 2007 |

Thesis on Manufacturing Feature Recognition using an Expert System

*Technologies Used*: Java, JNI, C, JESS, CVS

      </div>
    </div>

    <div id="talks" class="entry">

      <div class='post-header'>
h3. Lightning Talks
      </div>
      <div class='excerpt'>

I am active in the local Ruby community. These are slides from lightning talks I gave at the "Columbus Ruby Brigade":http://columbusrb.com.

* So, You Want a Jekyll Site? "slides":/presentations/Jekyll.pdf
* What Changed? (Updating ActiveRecord Objects) "slides":/presentations/what_changed.pdf

      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
